README.md, before:

# MinMod Knowledge Graph

This repository contains the datasets used to create the mineral site knowledge graph. The knowledge graph integrates heterogeneous data sources including scholarly articles, geolocation databases, and structured tables to provide a rich, queryable graph of mineral site information.

## Repository Structure

- `/data` (see designated [README](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/ta2-minmod-data/tree/main/data#readme)): This directory contains all the raw data used to build the MinMod knowledge graph.
- `/deployment`: This directory holds the final `.ttl` file that is deployed on our online SPARQL endpoint.
- `/sandbox`: This directory holds the demo presented during the 3-month hackathon.

## Schema

The data in this knowledge graph adhere to this [schema](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/schemas/blob/main/ta2/README.md).

## Deployment

The final Turtle file (`final.ttl`) is deployed and can be queried at our online SPARQL endpoint: [SPARQL Endpoint](https://minmod.isi.edu/sparql). You can also explore the data via our [Mineral Data Browser](https://minmod.isi.edu/).

Commit message:

Feb hackathon (#83)
* update data folder

* fix DepositTypeCandidate bug

* update SPARQL sandbox

* update sandbox with deposit queries

* deposits fix

* add latest SPARQL sandbox

* update sparql_sandbox with latest

* add missing (temp) file

* update demo stuff in sandbox & add READMEs

README.md, after:

# MinMod Knowledge Graph

This repository contains the datasets used to create the mineral site knowledge graph. The knowledge graph integrates heterogeneous data sources including scholarly articles, geolocation databases, and structured tables to provide a rich, queryable graph of mineral site information.

## Repository Structure

- `/data` (see designated [README](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/ta2-minmod-data/tree/main/data#readme)): This directory contains all the raw data used to build the MinMod knowledge graph.
- `/sandbox` (see designated [README](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/ta2-minmod-data/tree/main/sandbox#readme)): This directory holds the sandbox, a collection of example queries & code to manipulate the KG data & build **Grade & Tonnage models**!

## Schema

The data in this knowledge graph adhere to this [schema](https://github.com/DARPA-CRITICALMAAS/schemas/blob/main/ta2/README.md).

## Deployment

The final RDF data (triples) are deployed & can be queried at our online SPARQL endpoint: [SPARQL Endpoint](https://minmod.isi.edu/sparql). You can also explore the data via our [Mineral Data Browser](https://minmod.isi.edu/).
